
min-height:- defines the minimum height of an element.
             If content is smaller than the minimum height, minimum height will be applied.
             If the content is larger than the minimum height, the min-height property has no effect.
             prevents the value of the height property from becoming smaller than min-height.


background: bg-image position/bg-size bg-repeat;
            e.g :- url("./hero.jpg") center/cover no-repeat;
            background-image :- sets one or more background images for an element.
                                By default, image is placed at top-left corner and repeated both vertically and horizontally.
                                url("./hero.jpg") :- URL to the image. To specify multiple images, separate the URLs with a comma.
            background-position :- sets the starting position of a background image. 
                                   if only one keyword is specified, then other value will be "center".
                                   (left top / left center / left bottom / 10px 10px / 50% 50%).
            background-size :- specifies the size of the background images.
                               (auto / length / cover / contain)                    
                                auto :- displayed in original size.
                                length :- first value => width, second value => height. If only one value is given, second value is set to "auto".
                                cover :- Resizes the background image to cover the entire container.
                                contain :- Resizes the background image to make sure image is fully visible.


place-items :-  shorthand for align-items and justify-items css properties.
                If second value is not set, the first value is also used for it.
                align-items :- specifies default alignment for items inside the flexible container.(center/ stretch/ flex-start / flex-end).
                justify-items :-  allows to set alignment for items inside a grid container in a specific position (e.g. start, center and end) or with a behavior (e.g. auto or stretch).


visibility :- specifies whether or not an element is visible.
              The element will be hidden, but still affect the layout (still takes up space). Use display:none to hide the element which will have no affect on layout.
              (visible / hidden / collapse).
              
z-index :- z-index property specifies the stack order of an element.
           An element with greater stack order is always in front of an element with a lower stack order.
           z-index only works on positioned elements (position: absolute, position: relative, position: fixed, or position: sticky).
           Negative numbers are allowed.